[ENG-181] Add documentation for tokenless authentication (#244)
launchableinc/cli: docs/resources/integration-for-open-source.md

# Integration for Open Source (OSS)

## Background

Launchable uses an API token for authentication between Launchable CLI and Launchable API. However, an API token usually can not be used for Open Source project since anyone can send a Pull Request and retrieve the Token.

To solve the problem, Launchable prepares another authentication mechanism called tokenless authentication. Instead of a static token, tokenless authentication uses a CI/CD service provider's public API to verify if tests are actually running. With tokenless authentication, OSS contributes optimize test execution without a static Launchable API token. 

## Prerequisites

- A project needs to be hosted on a public GitHub repository
- Currently, tokenless authentication supports GitHub Actions only

## Preparation

1. [Sign up](http://app.launchableinc.com/signup) and create an organization and a workspace 
2. [Contact us](https://www.launchableinc.com/support) and tell in which project you enable tokenless authentication
3. Set some extra environment variables on GitHub Actions

### Environment Variables

> Follwing three environment variables need to be set for tokenless authentication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Three environment variables need to be set to enable tokenless authentication:
```
